# The Task 


https://homebox.residencejlm.com/item/6183cbf5-6441-4409-9fb1-eef1eb6f4805

Okay, the project in this repository is as follows. I'd like to create a CLI for operating the ACS ACR1252 USB NFC reader-writer. Here's the functionality that I'd like in the CLI. Firstly, it should launch within a terminal. And it can be a TUI type interface, maybe more accurately. Two modes of operation, reading and writing. and the reading mode. The NFC tag will be continuously pulled and whenever a tag is presented to the interface it will be decoded and then opened in a browser. Each tag will contain a URL and I provided an example URL in the repository so you can see the number of characters noting that it is a long URL so we'll have to make sure that there's sufficient decoding logic for this In the write mode the user can write URLs onto NFC tags The mode of operation will be that the user will paste a URL and then the next stage will it'll wait for a tag to be presented. When a tag is presented, it will conduct two operations simultaneously, writing the encoded URL and then locking the tag. It will then display a success message. There can be also a batch operation mode in which the user can choose to write a number and many more. Both modes should have a repetitive workflow. In the writing tag mode, after a success message, the CLI doesn't exit, allowing the user to continue with the next tag. If the user wants to jump into the reading mode, the writing logic will be closed and the reading logic will be opened. There should be an easy way for the user to navigate between the two. perhaps it's control one and control two or some keyboard shortcut as well as a button on the TUI itself. And that is, those are the functions.